è una condizione essenziale e continuiamo nel paragrafo.
Qualcuno contro l'abstenzione, l'amendamento è approvato.
Siamo ora in condizioni di votare il fuoco
del Statemento di Drafto sul sommetto di Johannesburg
con i due amendamenti già approvati.
C'è alcuna domanda riguardo a questo?
Non è il caso.
Qualcuno contro l'abstenzione, l'amendamento è approvato.
Now, dear comrades, we come to the draft resolution on Iraq.
We have received a group of amendments
presented by the Dutch, the Swedish, the Algerian,
the Tunisian, the Egyptian, the Moroccan parties
and by the women's organization.
Our comrade Tonbjörn Jaglund
worked during this morning based on these amendments
and as a proposal he asked me to make
to the plenary regarding this amendment.